Add support for august event entities (#33602)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/august.markdown

Buttons are created to wake locks from a deep sleep. If your lock is not reporting a status, it may be in a deep sleep, and the button can be used to wake it. Locks are not automatically woken from deep sleep to preserve battery life.

## Event

If you have an August doorbell or lock that has a built-in doorbell, once you have enabled the August integration, you should see the following event entities:

- Doorbell
- Motion

> Not all models include motion sensors and support for locks with built-in doorbells, which is limited to the Yale Doorman model and may not be available in your country.

Author: ```suggestion
Not all models include motion sensors and support for locks with built-in doorbells is limited to Yale Doorman models type 7 and 10.
```
